# Meeting Notes



# Sprint Cycle 1



## Oct 3, 2023

**Recorded by:** Tanjet  
**Venue:** CS2005 class   
**Time:** 1:00 PM - 1:50 PM    
**Attendance:** Tanjet; Turjo; Daniel; Caleb;

**Professor's Suggestions & Topics To Discuss**
1) Elect a notetaker.
2) Discuss project architecture.
3) Choose responsibilities for the project.
4) Ensure all team members have sufficient understanding of interface design and coding standards.
5) Decide how group will approach and complete tasks.

**Decisions** 
1) Each member chose their roles in the group.
2) Developer 1- Turjo (Server App, Project Server).
3) Developer 2- Tasks for app logic and implementation of classes and method will be divided into all the group members.
4) Developer 3- Caleb (Storing data and mapping object).
5) Developer 4-Daniel (HTML construction, templating engine).
6) Developer 5: Tanjet (user info and session management).
7) The role of notetaker will pass between each member of the group.
8) Decided on a few web pages with minimal features within the application to keep the first sprint relatively simple.
9) Decided we will complete our tasks when we can as we all have jobs and full course loads, as long as critical 
deadlines are maintained.
10) While we have our core assigned roles, we decided we would provide assistance in each other's roles. This will
help us understand the entire project better as well as provide necessary assistance if a group member is struggling.


## Oct 4, 2023

**Recorded by:** Daniel  
**SCRUM master:** Daniel      
**Venue:** EN2060     
**Time:** 1:00 PM - 1:50 PM       
**Attendance:** Daniel, Turjo, Tanjett  

**Professor's Suggestions & Topics To Discuss**
1) Discuss the role of scrum-master.
2) Define a source-control strategy.
3) Set upcoming deadlines.
4) Discuss current progress and areas of struggle.

**Decisions**
1) Turjo will be choosing to Build framework for our project using Bottle or Flask.  
Framework must be able to echo inputted info.
2) Daniel will make HTML buttons or text input box on Turjo's framework.  
3) Both of above decisions will be due by the end of Oct 5.
4) Everyone is still getting comfortable with the project and it's requirements.



## Oct 5, 2023

**Recorded by:** Tanjet  
**SCRUM Master:** Daniel  
**Venue:** EN2040  
**Time:** 1:00 PM - 1:50 PM  
**Attendance:** Tanjet; Turjo; Daniel; Caleb;

**Professor's Suggestions & Topics To Discuss**
1) Setting up the Kanban board.
2) Draft the software process for the project.
3) Discuss potential features we would like to implement during first sprint.
4) Review(review) member's current skills and progress.
5) Discuss pull requests.

**Decisions**
1) Caleb is deciding on whether it's wise to learn SQL and use it to implement the database for the project. Deadline 
for this is Oct 9.
2) Daniel has been assigned to be the SCRUM master for first cycle of the assignment.
3) Turjo will be providing a blueprint of the server. Will also work with Daniel on his assignment
4) Tanjet will be working on creating the Class(variables, set,get methods) for the webpage and storing in the database.
5) Daniel will create all HTML pages necessary with assistance of Turjo. Deadline for this is Oct 10.
6) Pull requests can be handled by anyone, as long as all members are aware before a PR is merged. This makes progress
simpler considering we all have busy schedules, and one person may not always be available. If this decision proves
to be an issue, we will revert it.

 

## Oct 12, 2023

**Recorded by:** Tanjet   
**SCRUM Master:** Daniel   
**Venue:** Engineering building MUN    
**Time:** 1:00 PM - 2:10 PM    
**Attendance:** Caleb, Daniel, Tanjet, Turjo    

**Professor's Suggestions & Topics To Discuss**
1) Discuss user stories timeline.
2) Discuss expectations to be worked on/completed over the weekend.

**Decisions**
1) Caleb has decided to learn and use SQL. Will begin working on the database. (Task - To be ready before October 15)
2) There will be another webpage/interface for published reviews (i.e. Newsfeed/Dashboard). (Task - Daniel, Turjo)
3) A section for a user's username and password will be implemented by next meeting. This is to account for 
any difficulties as the final sprint deadline approaches. (Task - Everyone)
4) We will implement features where partial review drafts and topic names will be added to the existing page 
Daniel created.
5) Tanjet will create classes named published, draft, and user will be 
implemented (Task - To be ready before October 15).
6) Decided based on marking requirements and for exposure that team members will take turns being the 
scrum-master in meetings. We were under the impression that scrum member role would be passed between sprints, 
not meetings.
7) We will focus on user stories later into the sprint.



## Oct 14, 2023

**Recorded by:** Caleb   
**SCRUM Master:** Turjo   
**Venue:** Engineering building MUN   
**Time:** 6:30 PM - 9:30 PM   
**Attendance:** Caleb, Daniel, Turjo   

**Professor's Suggestions & Topics To Discuss**
1) Expectations going forward.
2) Review(review) of current progress
3) Test our code for functionality.

**Decisions**
1) Now that database works, Caleb, and Daniel will implement the remaining routing code so that the app properly 
interacts with and updates the database.
2) Daniel will add remaining web page interfaces as well as functionality.
3) Some files will be altered to make the code more efficient.
4) The application to be functional by the end of Oct 16 to allow time for proper testing.
 


## Oct 15, 2023

**Recorded by:** Turjo   
**SCRUM Master:** Caleb   
**Venue:** Discord call   
**Time:** 7:30 PM - 8:30 PM   
**Attendance:** Caleb, Tanjet, Turjo   

**Professor's Suggestions & Topics To Discuss**
1) Get Tanjet up to speed on recent developments.
2) Review fixes to the database.
3) Review Caleb's file of classes/methods that will interact with the database.

**Decisions**
1) Tanjet will complete remaining code for the classes in the database.py file.
2) Decide to meet again tomorrow. Several components to the project that were unclear need to be addressed.



## Oct 16, 2023

**Recorded by:** Tridib Paul   
**SCRUM Master:** Daniel   
**Venue:** Comp Sci Student Lab   
**Time:** 6:30 PM - 9:30 PM  
**Attendance:** Caleb, Turjo, Daniel   

**Professor's Suggestions & Topics To Discuss**
1) Discuss current progress.
2) Discuss whether to add planned features into a later sprint based on progress.
3) Discuss other deliverables for the project.
4) Discuss user stories.

**Decisions** 
1) Decided to remove the userID from the Users table in the sqlite database. It will be re-added as a primary
and foreign key to tables in a later sprint.
2) While we almost have a fully functional application, we are running out of time and demand in other courses is 
picking up. We don't plan on adding too much more to the code to ensure we can get everything else done properly 
before the deadline.
3) Some components of the application were not functioning properly. As well, our files were getting a bit unorganized
and cluttered. Daniel will be tidying our code by encapsulating and condensing the code in a few of our files. 
4) We will begin working on our user stories shortly.
5) Agreed to meet tomorrow in class. 



## Oct 17, 2023
**Recorded by:** Daniel Cho   
**Scrum master:** Caleb   
**Venue:** In class   
**Time:** 1:00 PM - 2:10 PM   
**Attendance:** Turjo, Tanjet, Caleb, Daniel    

**Professor's Suggestions & Topics To Discuss**
1) Review progress.
2) Things to wrap up.
3) Discuss which features to move to a later sprint.

**Decisions** 
1) Daniel pushed the code for class.py, database.py, and route.py for added functionality. This will be the makeup
of our application's code for the first sprint.
2) Caleb will add draft and topic name will be added into the user table database. 
3) Everyone will create their unit tests and documentation. Deadline is Oct 19
4) Finishing goal features and writing code for this cycle. (Assigned: Daniel)
5) Everyone will add their user stories.



## Oct 19, 2023
**Recorded by:** Caleb Doupe      
**Scrum master:** Turjo       
**Venue:** In class   
**Time:** 1:00 PM - 2:40 PM   
**Attendance:** Turjo, Caleb, Daniel  

**Professor's Suggestions & Topics To Discuss**
1) Final submission steps.
2) Review (review) of progress.
3) Discuss final formatting.

**Decisions** 
1) Caleb will complete the README file. Everyone will review and add to it as necessary. 
2) All other final components will be added to the program before the deadline.



# Sprint Cycle 2



## Oct 26, 2023
**Recorded by:** Caleb Doupe      
**Scrum master:** Daniel       
**Venue:** CS Student Lab   
**Time:** 1:00 PM - 2:00 PM   
**Attendance:** Caleb, Daniel, Turjo, Tanjet  

**Professor's Suggestions & Topics To Discuss**
1) Discuss team tasks for 2nd sprint.
2) Discuss tasks that were not implemented in sprint 1.
3) Discuss features to implement in sprint 2.
4) Assign coding tasks and set initial deadlines.
5) Set deadline for final code submissions for sprint 2.

**Decisions** 
1) The group members have each chosen a feature to research and implement. Before next meeting, 
each group member will research and start implementation if possible. 
2) Each group member will choose their second feature for next meeting (Monday Oct 26).
3) Caleb will implement review items for reviews. 
4) Daniel will implement session management.
5) Daniel will decouple some of our code from sprint 1 to adhere to SOLID (solid).
6) Turjo will implement the search function, and learn postman. 
7) Tanjet will implement a feature to allow users to publish reviews anonymously.
8) Tanjet will make a list of all variable and method names as well as conform to PEP guidelines.
9) Soft deadline (Based on difficulty of feature implementation) for final code submissions is 
set to be November 8. 
10) Update kanban board based on backlog and chosen features for implementation.





## Oct 30, 2023
**Recorded by:** Daniel        
**Scrum master:** Tanjet        
**Venue:** CS Student Lab    
**Time:** 1:00 PM - 2:00 PM     
**Attendance:** Caleb, Daniel, Turjo, Tanjet    

**Professor's Suggestions & Topics To Discuss**  
1) Assign remaining team tasks for 2nd sprint.  
2) Discuss current progress   

**Decisions** 
1) Turjo did pursue postman. Will transfer route testing file from pdf to code using postman.  
2) Tanjet will implement a feature to allow users to change their password.  
3) Turjo has decided he will implement a share feature for use outside of the application.  
4) Daniel will implement a save draft feature for the application  
5) Caleb will implement a comment section for reviews in the application.  

**Code Review (review) **  
1) Daniels Code: Decoupled messy code from route.py and reformatted the public review page. Also optimized html and css code.
- Caleb:Approved PR. Code worked properly.  
- Tanjet: Naming could be better  
- Turjo: css needs more work. It's pretty bland. Buttons can be stylized  





## Oct 31, 2023
**Recorded by:** Turjo      
**Scrum master:** Daniel      
**Venue:** Classroom   
**Time:** 1:00 PM - 1:50 PM     
**Attendance:** Daniel, Turjo 

**Professor's Suggestions & Topics To Discuss**
1) Review (review) contributions to the architecture document.

**Decisions**
1) We cleared the doubts regarding the architecture and UML diagram with the professor.
2) We decided to focus on our assigned tasks.





## Nov 1, 2023
**Recorded by:** Turjo      
**Scrum master:** Caleb     
**Venue:** CS Student Lab   
**Time:** 1:00 PM - 2.00 PM     
**Attendance:** Caleb, Daniel, Turjo, Tanjet

**Professor's Suggestions & Topics To Discuss**
1) Discuss changes to the database.

**Decisions**
1) Caleb will add several new tables to the database for enhanced data entry, retrieval, and new 
features like review ratings.
2) Turjo encountered an issue while testing the server with Postman. We attempted to resolve it
but couldn't find a definitive solution. We agreed to consult the professor about it.

**Difficulties (difficult)**
None

**Code Review (review)** 
1) Daniel's raised a concern about the need for a review option for individuals without an ID 
and whether the database can handle that scenario.
2) Turjo's contradicted Daniel, highlighting the need for an ID to have control over anonymous 
reviews. Without an ID, the person who posted the review wouldn't have any means to edit or delete 
their posts. 



   

## Nov 4, 2023
**Recorded by:** Daniel     
**Scrum master:** Turjo      
**Venue:** CS Student Lab  
**Time:** 10:30 AM - 1:30 PM  
**Attendance:** Caleb, Daniel, Turjo,

**Progress (progress) Since Last Meeting**  
1) Daniel has almost finished setting up multi-session. Just need to be able to destroy cookies to end sessions.  
2) Daniel has almost finished CSS code.  
3) Caleb rehauled the userDatabase.db file to add a user, review, draft, and rating table. Added code for the draft functionality for draft and saving. Added code for saving ratings and retrieving. Calculation of avg. rating for each review functionality added.  
4) Implemented partial match searches by “username” or “topic”. Also implemented a share button to share your current link to social media.    

**Professor's Suggestions & Topics To Discuss**  
1) Discuss changes to the database.  
2) Discuss the UML Architecture of our project  
3) Outline the architecture document incorporating updated modules interfaces for current sprint  
4) review architecture document contributions  

**Decisions**  
1) We went through the UML notes together and decided we would create an evolving UML diagram as we designed our application. Since the purpose of this project is to learn, we didn’t want to pigeonhole ourselves into a specific architecture.   
2) Caleb explained basics of SQL and the properties behind it.   
3) Caleb’s code pull request denied. Needs further refinement.   
4) Turjo’s code works well. Pull request accepted. Deadline met.  
5) Daniel’s deadline set to Monday. Daniel must submit multisession and new CSS. Caleb’s new deadline by Monday. Must refine/finish implementing SQL and submit.  
6) Tanjet’s pull request denied as it causes conflict with existing code. New deadline is by Monday.   

**Difficulties (difficult)**
1) Daniel: having issues with multiple actions/submits in html/bottle. One submit overrides the other submit. Delays CSS/HTML delivery.    
2) Caleb: Some SQL methods may have potential of entanglement. Will resolve by Monday.  
3) Turjo: no issues. all code working  
4) Tanjett: absent 

**Code Review (review)**  
1) Reviewed Caleb’s code for changes in database.py  
- Daniel: new code save_draft() could be a little more descriptive. Such as save_draft_by_user_name(). Get_average_rating has code that needs decoupling and code separation.  
- Turjo: raised doubt if these new methods will cause entanglement or complications due to inconsistencies.

2) Reviewed Caleb’s code for changes in SQL  
- Daniel: Currently SQL allows multiple drafts, but that might be a bad idea HTML side.

3) Reviewed Turjo’s code. Turjo added Share-URL and Search-by-title and Search-by-author functionality.  
- Daniel: Both functions look great. Styling will be needed, which I will handle. Good to merge.
- Turjo: Don’t know CSS, so will pass on the styling to Daniel.  
- Caleb: Functions work properly. Good to merge.





## November 6 2024
**Recorded by:** Caleb
**Scrum master:** Caleb
**Venue:** CS Student Lab
**Time:** 1:00 PM- 2:00 PM
**Attendance:** Caleb, Daniel, Tanjet, Turjo

**Professor's Suggestions & Topics To Discuss**
1) Discuss content of the process and architecture documents for sprint 2
2) Discuss progress on remaining feature tasks for sprint 2

**Decision**
1) Pull request extension for Caleb and Tanjet until Tuesday.
2) Meeting tomorrow (1pm Tuesday Nov6) 
3) Making slight edits to the architecture document based on changes discussed.

**Progress (progress) Report**
1) Daniel: Completed CSS / HTML and Multisession functionality. Waiting for code review. Pull request approved and no conflicts. Successfully merged. Deadline met.
2) Caleb: Completed code (SQL) from previous meeting based on code review. Had difficulty merging. Issues with the idea
file.
3) Tanjet: Completed change password on HTML and Route.py. Need code review. Pull request approved by team members.Merged successfully. Deadline met.
4) Turjo: For last two days studied POSTMAN for unit-test. Still in progress. 

**Difficulties (difficult)**
1) Caleb: difficulty merging pull request due to .idea file
2) Daniel : none
3) Turjo: none
4) Tanjet: difficulty merging pull request due to .idea file. Requested Daniel for the styling part.

**Code Review (review)**
1) Reviewed (review) Daniel's code for route.py, CSS, HTML, and multisession. (pull request1)
- Caleb: Looked fine. Good to merge
- Tanjet: Daniel’s code works fine.

2) Reviewed (review) Daniel's code for public.HTML to work with turjo’s change to route.py. (pull request2)
- Caleb: Looked fine. Good to merge
- Tanjet: Looks fine. Good to merge.

3) Reviewed (review) Tanjet’s code for change password feature
- Caleb: Code looked fine other than some inconsistent naming of parameters. 
Fine to merge but should be changed in future updates.



## Date: 7 Nov 2023
**Recorded by:** Tanjet
**Scrum master:** Daniel
**Venue:** Student CS Lab
**Time:** 12:00 PM - 1:30 PM
**Attendance:** Caleb, Daniel, Tanjet, Turjo

**Professor’s suggestions and topics to discuss:**
1) discuss content of the process and architecture documents for sprint 2; task out those documents

**Decisions:**
1) Daniel will do the HTML and routing part for the code Caleb provided.
2) Turjo will continue working on POSTMAN.
3) Caleb will edit our architecture document.

**Progress (progress) report:**
Caleb Pushed his code and waiting for code review. Deadline met.

**Difficulties (difficult):**
1) Daniel: None
2) Turjo: None
3) Tanjet: No difficulties.
4) Caleb: After several difficulties with the .idea folder, finally was able to merge 
my coding changes successfully.

**Code review:**
Reviewed Caleb’s code:
- Tanjet: The code works fine. Good to Merge.
- Daniel: Variables need to follow PEP standards. I think I will have to make buttons and reformat review-output because there 
are new attributes in the SQL. Please shoot me a request. Other than that, looks like a step forward. Good to merge
Turjo: need to redactor the ReviewFeed Template. And need to change some variable 
names to meet pep guidelines. Good to merge.





## Nov 8, 2023
**Recorded by:** Caleb  
**Scrum master:** Tanjet   
**Venue:** CS Student Lab
**Time:** 10:00 AM - 1:30 PM
**Attendance:** Caleb, Daniel, Turjo, Tanjet

**Professor's Suggestions & Topics To Discuss**
1) Discuss changes to our UML diagram/program architecture.
2) Discuss our process model analysis document.
3) Discuss final implementations/requirements for Sprint 2, such as unit tests and readme file.

**Decisions**
1) Will work on the process model analysis document together to have
completed by November 10. Since information about it was only just revealed recently, we need
more time to review documentation and properly implement our document.
2) Will have our full program architecture document completed by November 10.
3) Will have our unit tests completed by November 9.
4) Turjo will have his POSTMAN functionality completed by November 9.
5) Caleb will complete README file by November 10.

**Progress (progress) Report**
1) Program is almost complete. Still needs functionality for rating on interface side,
POSTMAN functionality, and draft functionality on interface side. Daniel and Turjo
will be completing these.
2) Caleb has completed his features and tasks, just needs to provide minor tweaking and
more detailed docustrings.
3) Tanjet finished most of his tasks.

**Difficulties (difficult):**
None

**Code Review (review)**
1) Daniel’s Code:
- Caleb: CSS and HTML code looks good, it works. Further tweaking needed on rating button functionality.
- Turjo: For simplification, suggested Daniel remove star images representing review ratings, and
instead just use integer/floating point values. Other than that, CSS and HTML code looks fine. good to merge.
- Tanjet: Code looks good. Good to merge.



**Decision**
1) Pull request extension for Caleb and Tanjet until Tuesday.
2) Meeting tomorrow (1pm Tuesday Nov6) 
3) Making slight edits to the architecture document based on changes discussed.


## Nov 8, 2023 BRIEF online discussion
**Recorded by:** Daniel  
**Venue:** DISCORD  
**Time:** 10:00 PM - 10:20 PM  
**Attendance:** Caleb, Daniel, Turjo  
Points of discussion/issues:
1) Difficulty from Daniel. While looking through all the code, Daniel discovered that rating buttons aren’t working properly.     
2) For the rating buttons to work, Daniel asked Caleb to re-implement the SQL, because currently, the some methods are missing. Deadline by tomorrow Nov 9.    
3) Save draft user side feature is not implemented, Turjo volunteered to implement it. Deadline by tomorrow Nov 9.    
4) STUB: Daniel and Caleb discussed and produced STUB for rating feature. Pushed by Daniel. 

## Nov 9, 2023  
**Recorded by:** Daniel     
**Scrum master:** Caleb      
**Venue:** CS Student Lab    
**Time:** 1:00 PM - 3:50 PM    
**Attendance:** Caleb, Daniel, Turjo, Tanjet      
Decision:   
- Caleb will delete Daniel’s stub and implemented a working rating feature. Wasn’t able to finish by meeting time, but will try to finish it before the end of the day.   
- We will meet tomorrow and work on the UML, Readme, unit tests, and etc tomorrow.  
- Turjo merged his code for the upgraded draft functionality. Turjo also merged his code  for “share” feature as Daniel accidentally  deleted it last week.   

Difficulty: Everyone is having a difficulty because of accidental merge of duplicate lines of text from the merge from Turjo. (Immediate Solution: Turjo identified the solution and re-pushed.)  


## Nov 9, 2023
**Recorded by:** Caleb       
**Venue:** DISCORD    
**Time:** 9:30 PM - 9:45 PM    
**Attendance:** Caleb, Daniel  
- Daniel Reviewed (review) Caleb's progress. Caleb has shifted the database a little, and the average rating calculation works without error.  
- Caleb has a new deadline to upload rating function extended to tomorrow.   
- Discovered bug from draft function. Bug fix task assigned to Turjo.  



Meeting Nov 10
## Nov 10, 2023
**Recorded by:** Daniel  
**Scrum master:** Daniel         
**Venue:** DISCORD      
**Time:** 10:40 AM - 12:30 PM      
**Attendance:** Caleb, Daniel, Turjo, Tanjett    
**Details/Decisions:**  
- In this meeting we discussed the issues of decoupling and SOLID/solid. Caleb said that any calculation methods we have should be decoupled out of any feature functions we have, encapsulated in a “helper” class. Daniel explained to teammates that the submit() method in routes.py has potential of decoupling as it goes over 20 lines. We will work on that in the beginning of the third cycle.    
- During the meeting, we worked on the process model, Unit test, UML, Doc String, Readme, model analysis  and Comments together.  We used GoogleDrive to merge our parts of the collaborative tasks. To avoid merge conflicts each person will push the different component from our google Drive.    
  These people will push the following:    
    -* Unit Test: Turjo     
    -* UML: Caleb   
    -* Component Architecture Document: Caleb    
    -* Readme: Caleb    
    -* Model Analysis: Tanjet    
    -* DocStrings: individually pushed.    

- DIFFICULTY: our meetings average to about 2-3 hours each time. Last week one meeting went 4 hours. Too many things to discuss due to too many, detailed marking scheme.   
- Add to Kanban that our meetings take too long.  
- Tanjett and Calebl decided to add stubs for future implementations.  
- Performance review deadline set to Nov 10 by the end of the day.  